Imagine a ZDF
correspondent such as katrin
eigendorf would be a Russian
send an interview to news broadcasters
and to the psychology of ours
Chancellor and the negative
German media as uniformity
certainly would not like to describe
seen by your employer
Now has a Russian journalist named
constantin golden second just that done
and in an interview with phoenix
in the head of the Russian president
how much does it hurt?
the russian president that he is not
with these g7 the former times g8
were there, I would say that it was
if it is quite painful for him
the psychology of our president
which is not that easy
then you should say that you
is quite offended that one with
all sorts of means and that way
demonstratively trying to isolate and
to show that Russia is not a part
this western world is
that's why he wants, for example
the day after tomorrow with the Italian
premier renzi meet therefore tries
you also on these days possible
as actively as possible his connections too
China and other Asian partners
to show that it is not connected there
either it was the Merkel one
modern of the usa is or if not that
then the posts show customers of the
Europe disintegrates golden branch worked
at the time still at the Russian
ntw and was allegedly after the
statements canceled without notice
but he has his notice already in
march at n-tv filed a story for
the media of a medienmacher the
in the sense of former rtl
presenter lisa a dramatic
I wanted to organize a departure
not dramatically enough an interview
he did not want to give us ntb
There is no official statement
but a cut as golden
branch nor a so-called party line
cream reporter was and indeed whole twelve
has for years bet up arbitrariness
clearly the russia is closer than you
just think about the sea
Russians and Germans are also about the
new gas pipeline north stream connected
the pipeline starts in russian
vyborg and runs through the baltic sea
to Mecklenburg Vorpommern one of the
poorest german federal states
But that is also the node of the
interests of dozens of Germans and
in spite of everything, Russian companies
work together
russia means dutch for some
no longer economy and human rights
but especially russian culture you
will be extraordinary this year
presents here are guest games of
mariinsky theater as well as the exhibition
icons from the andrea breth museum
instead of that comes the week of
Russian language and the festival of
a total of over 200 classical music
events
Russia is closer than you think
does not have to open window but only
be a bit curious
not even two months ago
But Poroshenko Berlin visits the location
has changed drastically the
Chancellor Angela Merkel comes after
Moscow to meet Vladimir Putin and
Foreign Minister John Kerry negotiates
with immense
during this first peace try
Poroshenko tries again for Russia
the protracted conflict in the east
to blame ukraine